feat(Unity): Updated `options` and error capture explainer (#12904)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/unity/usage/index.mdx

Messages show up as issues on your issue stream, with the message as the issue name.

<PlatformContent includePath="capture-message" />

<Alert>

> The Unity SDK does not provide stack traces for messages.

Reviewer: Flip it around by saying what we do have, to help clarify what we don't. 
```suggestion
The Sentry SDK for Unity only provides stack traces for captured Exceptions. Logged messages won't have line numbers.
```
